[KB-106] Multitask learning related work (#93)
chhoumann/thesis-chemcam: report_thesis/src/sections/multi-task-learning.tex

> In their work \citet{caruana_no_1997} presents a method called \textit{Multitask learning} which is a method of learning machine models on several related datasets. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In their work \citet{caruana_no_1997}, presents a method called \textit{Multitask learning}, which is a method of learning machine models on several related datasets. 
```

> The motivation for this approach stems from the assumption that utilizing multiple, albeit related, datasets can enhance the model's ability to discern patterns and shapes within the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The motivation for this approach stems from the assumption that utilizing multiple, albeit related, datasets can enhance a model's ability to discern patterns and shapes within the data.
```
Should probably be unspecific since we are talking about models in general.

> \citet{caruana_no_1997} suggest that leveraging shared representations for model training can enable the model to identify underlying attributes in other data sets, even when this new data is small.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\citet{caruana_no_1997} suggests that leveraging shared representations for model training can enable the model to identify underlying attributes in other datasets, even when this new data is small.
```

> This is interesting to our report as one of the major challenges in analyzing LIBS calibration data for Mars is the scarcity of available data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is relevant for our work as one of the major challenges in analyzing LIBS calibration data for Mars is the scarcity of available data.
```
